What I've done is put the solution into this little folder called snippets,
and to save time, I'm going to cut and paste from there to make it easier.
So the snippet, you want to look at for the solution for this exercise is exercise1.text.
So let's go step by step.
The first thing we want to do is we want to add a variable called operational,
so we're going to get that and put it right there.
So that's going to be our control flag variable.
The next thing we want to do is give the ability
for contract owner to change that,
so I'll put that.
Let me go ahead and put it into my utility functions section here.
Actually that should go in the next one.
I set operating status.
Now, we want to create the modifier that uses that.
So that's right here,
copy and paste that in.
Once we're done working with this,
we'll walk through the individual code block so we
can see what's happening in all of those.
Then finally, a little helper
that just checks if the state of the contract is operational or not.
The exercise didn't require you to grade,
but it's nice to have.
So now that we've got all those in place, let's look at all of them.
So we've got our control variable here,
the initial state is true.
We have our function modifier here,
it simply checks if it's true,
and if not, it reports the contract is currently not operational.
The next thing we have is the ability to set operating status.
So here, whatever Boolean variable is passed,
it's saved to that particular state assuming it is the contract owner.
So with that done,
let's go ahead and see how the test might work on that.
So currently, our test is looking to register the user,
and what I haven't done yet is put the operational status code for registered users,
so let me go back and do that.
So we say require is operational.
Now that's saved, we'll go ahead and run our test.
Since the initial value of the Boolean variable is true,
I expect that this test will pass,
and it does indeed.
So we've implemented the operational state control,
but now let's talk about the serious bug that I was mentioning.